docs: Grammar and typo fixes (#1964)
FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard: docs/en/contributing/guides/registration.md

### `config`

This is made available by Node-RED as the input to the constructor, and can generally passed straight into the `.register` function without modification. It will be an object that maps all of the properties and values that have been described in the node's `.html` definition.

### `evts`

We expose a range of different event handlers as part of the `register` function. All of these handlers run server (Node-RED) side.

> In some cases, it is possible to define full functions (that will run at the appropriate point in the event lifecycle). In others, it's only possible to define a `true`/`false` value that informs Dashboard that you wish for the widget to send or subscribe to that event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it is possible to define full functions (that will run at the appropriate point in the event lifecycle), in other cases, it is only possible to define a `true`/`false` value that informs Dashboard that you wish for the widget to send or subscribe to that event.
```

Tweak
